Should autism be cured?
Is there any scientific proof that vaccines cause autism?
Did your child get autism after vaccination?
Why do most people think vaccines don't cause autism?
What should I do when a doctor told my wife that the MMR vaccine causes autism? Should I calm down and accept that he might know something I don't as a med tech? Why he would believe this?
Do autistic people know they are autistic?
What is scientifically wrong with saying that vaccines don't cause autism but may "trigger" it in kids with certain "genetic flags" or "autism markers"? Is there any medical evidence for or against it?
Can people with ASD (Asperger syndrome and autism) feel empathy?
What should everyone know about autism? I'm especially looking for answers that the average person wouldn't already know, popular misconceptions that should be corrected, and common mindsets or pitfalls that are rude, offensive, or degrading.
Will there ever be a cure for autism?
Is autism strictly a choice?
How is autism diagnosed?
What is it like to 'fail' the Sally Anne test? What is it about the test that leads (many) people with autism to answer 'Anne's basket'? Why can people with autism not 'see' that the answer is 'Sally's basket'?
How do I tell my neighbors that their 17-month-old shows signs of autism? Update 6: The child is 2.5 years , and has not acquired proper language. She can repeat some words, does not really talk, is disconnected and does not play with other kids.
How can I get rid of my autism, i.e., because I know it is incurable, is there a way for me to better handle its symptoms and be less psychologically impacted by it?
What are parents of children with autism tired of hearing?
How can we come to an understanding of autism that leaves room both for those who consider themselves disabled and those who do not, and for those who want a cure for themselves and those who feel the opposite?
Why do people with autism dislike Autism Speaks?
My daughter with autism keeps flapping her arms. How do I make her stop?
What does it feel like to have Autism?
How do autistic people feel about those who worry their children will be autistic? How does this negative stereotype influence families and people with autism?
For those on the autism spectrum, what's your special interest, and how long have you had it?
Why are so many more children born with autism now than in the past?
How can homeopathy be popularized in the west as being the most successful cure for autism?
What do various Quora users score on the Ritvo Autism Asperger Diagnostic Scale-Revised (RAADS-R)?
I’m tired of being autistic and different! How can I get rid of my autism and become a normal person?
Are grown people with Asperger’s still childlike?
My new flat-mate said she can't work because she has Asperger's Syndrome. She said she has difficulty interacting with people at a workplace. Why can't some people with Asperger's Syndrome (or high-functioning Autism) work?
What is it like to parent a child with autism?
Is it normal that my parents still let my 23-year-old sister live with them even though she does absolutely nothing in life? She has autism but other people with autism manage to get a job too so that shouldn't be an excuse.
My son has been recently diagnosed with autism and I would like to understand his world from his perspective. What goes on in the brain of someone with autism?
How do non-autistic people know they're allistic/neurotypical/not on the autism spectrum?
What are autism, Asperger's, and Autism Spectrum Disorder?
If you're on the autism spectrum, can you look into someone's eyes?
Can autism be cured? How?
Autism: Can we employ highly functional and Asperger's syndrome young adults in mainstream corporations for long time periods?  How can we supplement/improve HR departments to achieve this goal?
Do atheists suffer from a certain form of autism when it comes to metaphor?
If there was a "magic vaccine" to cure people on the spectrum, do you think people with autism or Asperger's would want to be "cured" even with the knowledge that some of their genius may be lost?
As someone with autism or Asperger's, what are the most important social cues that you feel should be taught to people with autism or Asperger's?
Why do fake rumors such as vaccines causing child autism work? What makes them viral? Why are they immune to expert opinion?
How do I know if I am autistic?
How do I tell a friend that I think he has high-functioning autism?
A recent study claims that Hans Asperger, the Austrian paediatrician who gave his name to a kind of high-functioning autism, helped the Nazis in their murder of disabled children, alter your view of the term Asperger's? Why or why not?
What are the similarities and differences between autism and Asperger's?
Do people with autism have friends?
If people with autism cannot feel emotions, does that make them like robots?
What is the reason behind the increase in autism?
Why is the autism rate in the U.S. increasing exponentially?
Autism: Can a child's dyspraxia be improved by exercising?
Does autism get worse over time?
Do people on the autism spectrum tend to avoid sensory overload?
Why is it so difficult to be an INTJ? I feel like no one in my family understands me. I feel as though I have a "high functioning" level of autism that makes it seem as though I'm normal; however, communication with anyone is beyond difficult for me.
What is the incidence rate of autism for unvaccinated children?
Can I get rid of my son? He has severe non-verbal autism. I just don't know what to do anymore.
Are most people with autism ugly? I have autism and I am very ugly, fat and ugly. It seems like the condition goes with a type of awkward physicality. Is that likely true?
What are Aspies’ and people on the autism spectrum’s top and bottom 5 character strengths on the VIA?
How do people with autism think?
Should people with autism tell their employer that they are on the autism spectrum?
Is Asperger's syndrome autism?
Can someone grow out of autism?
What's it like to live with a person with high functioning autism?
Why do so many people with autism have sleep problems?
Autism: What is the best way to understand time?
Do people on the autism spectrum feel it’s the neurotypicals who have "the problem"?
How would you argue with parents who say that their kid got autism after vaccination and still encourage them to get their next kid vaccinated?
Autism Spectrum Disorders: What is your favorite stimming method?
How can you explain autism in an easy to understand way?
What effects does weed have on autistic people?
Is autism a blessing?
What are the telltale signs of high-functioning autism in adults?
Is there a correlation between autism and homosexuality?
What should I do when my son, who is on the autism spectrum, wants to see a video multiple times?
People with Autism Spectrum disorder often have alexithymia—difficulty identifying their emotions. Research shows that identifying your emotions and describing them visually can reduce alexithymia. Can you draw a Weavesilk that represents resentment?
Why is there a sudden leap in autism? What in the world is happening, and why?
Do people with autism respond differently to alcohol?
What are some signs of autism?
For those of the Quorans who are on the Autism spectrum, when did you start talking?
How does autism present in girls differently than in boys?
Why do some parents ignore the signs of autism in their children?
Why is autism so hard to live with?
How well does your score on the Autism-Spectrum Quotient Index reflect who you are in real life?
Is "late-onset" autism spectrum disorder/Asperger's possible?
Why does the military not allow people with high functioning autism to enlist?
Is there value in continuously hammering the fact that Wakefield falsified research, had a competing vaccine patented and lost his license when he stated vaccines caused autism, when arguing for vaccination?
Can dogs have autism or a similar condition?
Are there occupations that would be ideal for someone diagnosed with autism or Asperger's syndrome?
What do people with Asperger’s/autism and their families think of the Netflix series Atypical?
What are good jobs for autistic people?
Do people with autism spectrum disorders/Asperger’s usually prefer asynchronous communication?
Do all people with autism and Asperger's behave with a victim complex?
Would any woman really want to be with an adult man with autism?
What is the best way to get to know someone with autism?
Why are so many people against Autism Speaks?
What are the early signs of Autism?
Why are autistic females rare?
What is love like for those with high-functioning autism?
What should you never say to a person with autism?
What are the differences between ADHD and autism?
If you used to fit the diagnostic criteria for autism, but have learned strategies to appear relatively normal such that you no longer fit those criteria, do you still get to call yourself autistic?
Are children born with or do they develop autism?
Which mental illness is worse: psychopathy or autism?
What (if any) advantages do autistic people have?
Is it true that people with Autism Spectrum Disorders have a very strong sense of right and wrong that they adhere to? Is it true that they hate lying? If yes, do they also not lie?
Do you think vaccines can trigger autism? Why or why not?
Is it possible for someone with high functioning autism/Asperger's syndrome to have a special interest which revolves mainly around understanding him/herself to the furthest extent?
How do people on the autism spectrum simulate neurotypical behavior?
Do some people with autism have problems understanding sarcasm?
How would you explain autism to a child?
Are high-functioning autism and Asperger’s the same diagnoses, or are they different?
Are all Autism or Asperger Syndrome people Introverts?
Why can't most people with autism tell a lie?
Why do people with Asperger's/autism often like animals so much?
Autism: What is it like to have a stim?
Why is being an adult with autism so emotionally difficult?
What is the best therapy for ADHD and autism in adults?
Should autism spectrum disorder be removed from the DSM? I am curious because I know that several people on the autism spectrum certainly have no need to be cured.
My 13 year old son was diagnosed with Autism/Asperger, should I tell him or not?
Is autism genetic?
Is regressive autism real?
Can the severity of autism in a person change with time?
Why do people think vaccines give children autism?
What do people with autism understand that most people don't?
What is the worst discrimination you have experienced as an individual with autism?
Why has there been no cure for autism yet? If there is, what is it?
Can someone be both a sociopath and have Asperger syndrome?
What is autism?
Can someone show signs of autism and/or Asperger’s and not have autism?
How is it that some people can be diagnosed with high-functioning autism but interact with others and display no visible signs of autism to the casual observer?
How is sex for one on the autism spectrum?
Why do people make fun of Autism?
What conventional advice won't work for people with Asperger's or Autism?
What are the most successful autism treatment centers in India?
Why do people with autism wear masks?
Do autistic people ever get married? What are relationships like with high functioning individuals with autism?
In what ways is interacting with animals similar to interacting with those who have autism spectrum disorders/Asperger's?
What advice would you give someone who is entering a relationship with someone who has Asperger's/autism?
Can someone with Aspergers fake normal on an autism test?
Is autism a form of genius?
As someone with autism or Asperger's, how do you achieve work and life balance?
Can an autism spectrum disorder be so mild as to go undetected?
What symptoms are there in adults who may have undiagnosed autism?
Could the demand for a cure to autism be coming exclusively from neurotypical parents given the existence of advocates against a cure who are diagnosed with classic autism?
If you have autism, do people treat you like you’re an idiot because of your diagnosis even if you’re actually smart?
What do people without autism think about autism?
If you have autism or Asperger’s, what kind of music do you listen to, and why?
Is autism over-diagnosed?
Should I support or oppose Autism Speaks?
Is autism a disability?
What are the differences between Down Syndrome and Autism? How can you take care of people suffering from these?
What is autism and why is it considered bad?
What is it like to be female and have autism?
How did Jerry Seinfeld go 60 years without knowing he had autism?
What term do people with autism spectrum disorder prefer? Which terms do they find the most derogatory?
If you have autism or Aspergers, do you like driving? What's that like for you?
How do individuals with autism feel about the anti-vax movement?
Could the 12th Doctor (13th sequentially), as portrayed by Peter Capaldi potentially be considered as being on the Autism spectrum? Not does he have autism, but does he display autistic characteristics that might lead to an in-universe diagnosis of ASD?
Are there people who have autism but you wouldn't be able to tell unless you spend enough time with them and really get to know them? What are they called?
Is Autism Speaks really that bad? If so, why and where is the evidence that supports that Autism Speaks is bad?
Is synesthesia common among those with autism and Asperger syndrome?
Without the burden of the expectation to appear "normal" that neurotypical society places upon you, would you consider your autism or Asperger's to be a disability? Why or why not?
Is high-functioning autism a gift or a hindrance?
What does Autism Speaks currently do for autistics that is proactive/beneficial to the autistic community, if anything?
It appears to me that autistic people are incredibly self-centered and self-absorbed. Is this a psychological fact about autism or a misperception?
What is the reason that people with high-functioning autism have a lower quality of life than neurotypicals or those with low-functioning autism?
What do you want other people to understand about autism?
How was your childhood with high functioning Autism?
Why do people with autism spectrum disorder have a much harder time coping with life's difficulties especially those with High Functioning Autism?
What are the most emotionally touching stories of people with autism?
Did Forrest Gump have autism?
Could autism be an evolutionary development?
Why would a mother try to have her child diagnosed with autism?
What are some signs of mild autism a person shows during a conversation?
What are the characteristics of people with autism?
Has anyone ever been misdiagnosed with autism?
What is the Mendability program for Autism?
Autism: Will my 5-year-old non-verbal autistic daughter ever speak?
Do people with autism recognise others on the spectrum?
Do people with autism wear masks like psychopaths and sociopaths?
Are you on the autism spectrum? If so, what life event(s) prompted you to consider a diagnosis?
How do I help someone with Autism / Aspergers to do their homework?
Why do people with Autism have trouble modulating their voice volume?
My six year old is humming a lot; why do kids hum? Is it sign of autism? How to stop him from humming?
What causes autism?
Why are some people so quick to announce their psychological diagnosis (e.g., ADHD, anorexia, autism, bipolar, dysthymia) before you even get to know them?
Is autism genetically or environmentally induced?
Is a fear of autism good reason not to have children?
Does marijuana affect people on the Autism Spectrum differently? Could it be used responsibly as a treatment method?
Do you tell people you are on the autism spectrum or keep it to yourself?
Autism has been described as a deficit of prediction. What are your thoughts with regard to this?
As an adult with Aspergers or autism, what advice would you give the parent of an ASD child?
What is it like to live with autism?
How has autism affected your life in general?
Are there any famous people that are diagnosed with Asperger syndrome or autism?
What happens if nobody speaks to a child during childhood? Will the results be similar to autism?
What's it like being an adult with aspergers or high functioning autism?
What would you like neurotypicals to know about high-functioning autism?
What is autism? What causes it?
What is the current thinking on the causes of autism?
What are the best books about autism?
What are some interesting facts about autism?
How can I get over my autism diagnosis?
Autism: What is Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA) and why is it controversial?
Are people with Autism uncoordinated?
What was your autism when you were a little kid? When did you start talking?
How can I tell if I have mild autism?
Is downtime particularly important for people with autism? Do autists tend to need more downtime than neurotypicals?
What do you do when someone tells you your autism isn't real?
Is ADHD a type of Autism Spectrum disorder (ASD)?
Could borderline personality disorder actually be undiagnosed autism?
Does Trump have autism?
Can a child diagnosed with autism lead a normal functioning adult life if he undergoes therapy? Why?
Has reading answers on Quora about autism made you feel more comfortable about being autistic? Why or why not?
Rubik’s cube is infuriating in a similar way to how the rest of the world infuriates an individual with autism. It is the rest of the world that creates chaos. What are your thoughts on this quote?
Do you believe a child with Autism can recover fully? Why or why not?
Why do people think that vaccines cause autism? Why is Asperger's seen as a bad thing?
I've recently been diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. What therapies can help me cope with sensory, relationship, and social skills issues?
What is on the other end of 'the autism spectrum' from autism?
Does this Italian court decision linking MMR vaccine with autism reopen the vaccination debate?
What are common misconceptions about autistic people?
Are there any children with autism that have never been vaccinated?
Why do people on the autistic spectrum take objection to curing autism?
Do people with Aspergers or autism tend, on average, to get along worse with others whom have the same or similar disability?
If high-functioning autism was diagnosed by its advantages instead of deficits, what would that look like?
I scored 31 on the Autism-Spectrum Quotient test, should I be worried?
Is it possible for dietary changes to improve autism symptoms?
Are there breakthrough treatments for severe autism?
Autism: Do you feel like you're a child inside an adult body?
How does the decrease of serotonin in the hemisphere of people with autism affect them?
Do people with autism tend to have abilities that "normal people" don't have?
What do you think of autism?
As someone with high-functioning autism, what are your personal most disliked sensory stimuli?
How do people with Asperger’s/high functioning autism come across to non autistic folks?
Why do some people think it’s cool to have autism?
Do you know anyone with autism?
Is there such a thing as mild autism?
Do people on the autism spectrum have problems with public speaking that are directly related to their autism?
Do people with autism react more adversely towards babies than do people without autism?
Is autism more common now?
Is depression considered common in autistic people/people with autism?
What one piece of advice would you give to someone with Aspergers/High-functioning autism?
Can a sociopath manipulate and charm someone with autism or Asperger's?
Does autism slow down reaction time?
Do people with high-functioning autism like to arrange items in rows or patterns?
How can I teach math to a child with autism?
Why do people treat me badly or differently just because I have autism? Does autism make me a bad person?
What eventually happens to people on the autism spectrum as they age?
What psychological condition is the most opposite of Autism Spectrum Disorder?
Autism: If a child who can't communicate well displays frustration by hitting and pinching people and pets, how do you teach them to stop?
Why are people with autism often considered to be a "burden"?
How would a gluten-free diet help autism?
What's the deepest, most unknown secret about autism?
As someone with ASD, how, (if at all), has the DSM 5 folding Autism and Aspergers together into Autism Spectrum Disorder affected your self-conception?
Everyone has a hypothesis about why autism is so prevalent nowadays. What is your hypothesis?
Is there a chance I could have mild Autism, ADHD, or Asperger's?
Why do social interactions drain so much energy from those with Autism?
Is autism curable with homeopathy?
If you had $1billion to find a cure for autism, how would you spend it?
What aspects of high-functioning autism are you most intrigued by?
Is a lack of fashion sense one of the traits of asperger's and autism?
Why do people with developmental disabilities (especially those with autism and Aspergers) suffer constant psychological abuse?
How are autistic people different from someone without autism?
Are there conditions besides autism that include special interests?
My fiancé and I are about to embark on the process of adopting a child on the autism spectrum, do you have any words of wisdom?
Is having autism a gift? What do I have that non-autistic people don't?
What signs of autism can be seen at 12 months of age?
Do people with autism have introverted personalities as a rule?
Why are some people with autism higher-functioning?
Can people with Asperger's or Autism lie convincingly?
How common is it for people who are clearly autistic to deny that they're autistic?
How do you know if someone is being rude rather than having Asperger's or autism?
What is autism and how do you know if you have it?
Are folks on the Autism Spectrum more likely to subscribe to the idea of specific gender roles, than neurotypical folks?
Is it worth it to be formally diagnosed with aspergers/autism as a teenager or adult?
In school, girls would make fun of my high-functioning autism and steal from me. Now, I’ve got a good paying job such that the same girls are throwing themselves at me. What would you think if I privately (behind closed doors) humiliated them?
Why do people with mild autism have trouble understanding things?
How do people on the autism spectrum feel about characters on TV or in movies that are supposed to be on the spectrum as well? Do any of them accurately represent you, or are they offensive, or just ridiculous and inaccurate?
Autism Rights: Can you direct me towards resources, or suggest ideas for parenting my 12-year old, mildly autistic son?
As a person with Autism/Aspergers, do you often talk about things no one wants to hear?
What's the reason that the media isn't discussing CDC whistleblower William Thompson's claim that data was thrown away that showed a vaccine-autism connection?
Do people with autism like hugs?
Do people often get psychopathy and autism mixed up?
How is IQ affected by learning disabilities such as autism?
Do people with autism feel resentment?
Why do many people seem to think autism is associated with intelligence somehow?
A father in Switzerland claims to have found a way to cure his son's autism by his own, personal research. How could this be explained?
What age can one expect an individual with autism to talk?
Autism Spectrum Disorders: Would it be fair to say that computer professionals are people who enjoy Asperger Syndrome rather than suffering from it?
Autism: What are my odds of having a child with autism, given that my brother is severely autistic?
What are those differences The Big Five Test shows for various conditions (autism, ASPD, NPD, BPD, etc.)?
Could Hypersensitivity to electromagnetic fields cause Autism?
Are autism and Asperger syndrome the same condition?
What would you rather have, autism spectrum disorder or psychopathy?
My little boy is awaiting Autism diagnosis and is non-verbal. He is 4. Can anyone share their experience of a non-verbal child at this age that progressed to speak? When and how, etc?
Do people on the autism spectrum tend to enter a daydream or trance-like state as a coping mechanisms?
As a depressive person on the autism spectrum, specifically Asperger's, what sorts of therapies (i.e. specific antidepressants or lifestyle changes) have given you relief?
How do I cope with autism?
How can I help my adult brother who has autism?
Is it normal for people with Asperger's or autism to have resentment towards parents?
Can being diagnosed with autism syndrome as an adult do more harm than good?
Autism: Is my husband autistic? How do I tell him that he has the symptoms without offending him and get him to consult an expert?
What does society get wrong about those on the autism spectrum?
Why isn't Eminem's Asperger's/autism discussed more often?
If you were diagnosed with autism as an adult, how did it change your life?
How do you differentiate between people who say they have Asperger's or autism for attention and those who do really have it?
Why don’t most autistic people like talking on the phone?
Someone close to me has autism. What does it feel like?
What percentage of people with autism got vaccinated?
How does autism affect the ability to empathize?
Is it ethically wrong to have a child knowing that there is good chance it will have autism?
Whom should I contact privately to discuss my theory of autism?
Do all people with ASD and Asperger’s syndrome have alexithymia?
Is it possible for people with mild autism to resist their autistic tendencies if they're aware of them?
For neurotypicals dating people with Asperger's or autism, what did you find attractive in your partner when you first met him/ her?
How long does it take to be diagnosed with Autism and Asperger’s?
Is autism obvious from an early age (say, 2 years old), or does it progress as the child grows?
What are the goals of the autism acceptance movement?
Why are people with autism more likely to develop addictions?
Is it normal for me to wish I had autism?
Do people with high-functioning autism/Asperger syndrome have difficulty talking on the phone?
Why do several people believe autism doesn't really exist?
Is it possible to be on the autism spectrum and have narcissistic traits (possibly some kind of narcissistic related disorder)?
Autism manifests itself in many different ways, but at its core, what is missing in an autistic person that a normal person has?
What's the difference between high-functioning autism and Asperger’s?
What could society be doing more of/less of to help people on the autism spectrum?
Why is having an autism diagnosis always doom and gloom?
Can a person still be diagnosed with autism if they show symptoms ONLY in later life, almost as if it is all of a sudden?
How common is it for people with Autism to experience permanent emotional damage due to conflict that they have with parents?
Why do people with autism like anime? No offense is intended.
Why do people use autism as an insult?
Why do some people with autism prefer being alone?
Why are Autism symptoms different in women?
How is social anxiety different from Autism or Asperger's?
Why are people with Asperger's more likely to get depression?
Is severe autism curable? How?
Why are many people unaware about shutdowns in autism?
What do you wish other people understood about women and autism?
Should spinning objects be kept away from children with autism?
Did Michael Jackson have Asperger's Syndrome?
Why are autism meltdowns inconsolable?
What does current research indicate about the extreme male brain theory of autism?
Has autism made employment difficult?
Autism: Can autistic children live on their own after they grow up? What's the biggest problem they have in life? What can we do to help them?
Why is following rules very important to people with autism?
How big is the "Autism Spectrum"?
Why is Autism Sensory overload painful?
Why are people with autism often of above average intelligence?
How do I convince my parents to get me tested for autism?
Do people with autism spectrum disorder have more gut issues?
Should an employer rejecting a candidate with autism who is clearly professionally qualified for that position be considered discrimination?
How can someone living with autism learn to overcome social limitations?
Why isn't autism a mental illness?
Is there a correlation between narcissism and autism?
Are kids with autism treated fairly and provided with the right personalized education in the US school system?
Can someone be on the autism spectrum and not know it?
Has the recent rise in cases of whooping cough been caused by parents not vaccinating their children from fear of autism?
Can autism affect one’s ability to feel remorse or empathize?
If you have autism or Asperger syndrome, when people are mad at you, do you shut down/walk away because you don't know how to react? Are you shocked?
Why do people keep calling autism a disability?
How common is it for people with high functioning Autism to have a fascination or special interest in a specific topic, hobby, classification, person, or object? What are examples of those?
How common is Asperger's or High-functioning autism among INTP people?
Some have speculated that ADHD is a milder form of an Autism Spectrum Disorder. Is there any evidence to support this theory? What do you think?
If you were diagnosed with Autism later in life, say in your thirties or later, what led up to your diagnosis?
Is it possible to have ADHD and autism at the same time?
How can a 16-year-old high functioning teenager on the autism spectrum learn to acquire the coping skills needed to replace tantruming behaviors like crying, biting, and throwing things? Which skills should s/he acquire?
What does high-functioning Autism look like in adults?
What is your favourite online Asperger’s/Autism test?
What is causing the explosion of autism rates seen in the USA?
What is a meltdown in autism?
How do you tell If a topic is an autism special interest?
Is it possible for a person to suddenly get autism or symptoms of it?
Do people with autism often find it harder to say "hi" to people?
How can you talk to someone who has autism?
Autistics often are victims of abuse, what are signs of an unhealthy relationship so that people with autism can recognize them?
Can people with Asperger's or autism be cool?
How should someone on the autism spectrum approach alcohol?
Do people on the autism spectrum find it difficult NOT to be vulnerable and honest?
What are your opinions on Autism Speaks?
Do all people with autism (Asperger syndrome included) not understand sarcasm?
How does the comorbidity of autism and borderline personality disorder present itself in children and adults?
Do people on the autism spectrum use Quora primarily as a source of information, or does it also fill a need for stimulus?
Do you personally hate people with autism? If so, why?
Do people on the autism spectrum know the boundaries between reality and fantasy/illusion?
What effect does a diagnosis of High Functioning Autism or Asperger's have on a person's success in job hunting?
What is the difference between Autism, Asperger’s and ADHD?
As a person with autism spectrum disorder, are you particularly interested in trains?
How different would you have to think to understand someone with Autism?
Is there a link between autism spectrum disorders and ADD/ADHD?
What's the difference between being an introvert and being on the autism spectrum?
Why do people with autism have an ability to hyperfocus?
Does the severity of autism symptoms tend to grow or fade, as a person matures and ages?
How can I effectively remediate, respond to, and prevent miscommunications that are fostered by my autism spectrum condition?
What are some specific examples of how autism affects daily life?
What scientific evidence supports the idea that autism spectrum disorders are genetic in origin, as opposed to social?
How much does it typically cost to get a formal diagnosis of an autism spectrum "disorder"?
How effective is music therapy for autism?
What are some important things for someone with Autism or Asperger's syndrome to know before moving away from their parents?
How does a psychologist know if one actually has a mental condition (such as autism or schizophrenia) or if one is faking it?
How do I know if I have autism, for sure?
Is it possible for an adult to develop autism?
What does autism do to the brain? How is autism treated?
What is it like to be raised by a father with autism or aspergers?
Do people with high-functioning autism have a special interest in the feel of different surfaces?
Does Ted Cruz have high functioning autism?
Is autism different for girls?
Why is Autism Speaks a bad organization? Please include sources unless it is from personal experience. I know they are bad! I just want more examples.
What have your experiences with autism/autistic people been like?
What do you think of your autism? Do you find your autism to be a blessing, or a curse? I myself am autistic, and I’m interested to hear what you have to say.
Is autism transferable?
Why do people insist that women with high-functioning autism are not autistic?
What are some idioms that people with autism find particularly hard to ‘wrap their head around’?
Is there a memetic theory of autism?
What advantages do people with autism have in terms of hearing over neurotypicals?
Are people with high-functioning autism and Asperger syndrome ever gifted?
Is autism more of a burden or more of a benefit?
Is there a correlation between caffeine and autism?
How are people with Asperger's syndrome different from people with Autism?
What are the best apps for users with severe autism?
Why would some people fake having autism?
I was once told that children on the Autism Spectrum cannot engage in imaginative play. What are some things they cannot do that make them different?
How many people with autism have "rainman superpowers"?
What is your experience with having a sibling with autism?
Why is it not a compliment to hear "You don't have autism!"?
Did Albert Einstein have autism?
What do you think of Donald Trump's autism and vaccination tweets?
How does a young adult with autism get a job?
As someone with autism, do you know something about ASD that other people with autism might not know?
What are your thoughts about reframing autism as a behavioural syndrome rather than a mental disorder?
Why does it seem to be more difficult to diagnose autism in girls?
I learned today that my thirteen year old adopted child may have High Functioning Autism. Her character has shown a number of abnormalities. What should I do?
Why are people with autism are called late bloomers?
Are people with autism naturally better at seeing micro-expressions due to their ability to pick up larger amounts of information?
Is it true that mental health professionals can rarely identify high-functioning autism in adults?
Why do people confuse Asperger’s with mild autism?
Can a person with Asperger's or autism have a meltdown without screaming or having a crying fit?
What are some common workplace pitfalls for employees who are on the autism spectrum, and how can employers help these workers succeed?
My teenage son is showing signs of autism. He's highly intelligent, not great with emotions and prefers to be alone. I'm also beginning to wonder if I have it a little too since I have always struggled socially. What should I do?
What are some dating tips for someone with autism/Asperger syndrome?
How are service dogs helpful for children with autism?
Why isn't there a pre-natal test to screen for autism?
What is it like to have non-verbal autism?
What is the best way to communicate with someone who has autism?
What separates a person who has autism from those who don't?
What is the heritability of autism?
How does one know if one has Asperger’s (or another form of autism)? No offense intended, I’m just trying to find out.
Should I tell employers that I am on the autism spectrum?
How subjective are diagnoses of autism?
Where is the best place to live if you have autism?
Why do people still think that vaccines cause autism when the study that started the panic was revealed as a fraud years ago?
Why have many people with high-functioning autism thought they might be psychopathic before they got diagnosed with ASD?
In your opinion, what is the most socially acceptable special interest in Autism?
What would the effect of an autism cure be on current people with autism?
How does applied behavior analysis apply to adults with autism and Aspergers?
Do people with high-functioning autism repetitively fiddle with items? (e.g., spin, twiddle, bang, tap, twist, or flick anything repeatedly)?
What do you think of people who self-diagnose adult autism?
Is coffee bad for people on the autism spectrum?
Have people with autism ever experienced bullying when they were younger?
Autism: How accurate is the "local overconnectivity; global underconnectivity" theory of autism?
Do people with autism find what society considers stereotypically attractive to be attractive?
What are some things that people with autism don't notice in conversations that the rest of the people do?
Why do people with autism stay with their parents for a long time?
Was Mozart on the autism spectrum?
Are people on the Autism Spectrum clumsy?
Can someone have ADHD, autism and bipolar at the same time?
Do most autistic individuals know they have autism?
My wife is convinced that vaccination caused her brother to have autism, how can I help her get through this without subjecting our children to medical risk?
As a person on the autism spectrum disorder, what do you envy about the neurotypicals?
How do the Chinese view autism and autistic people?
What do you do if your child is diagnosed with autism?
What services are available for an adult with autism spectrum disorder?
Do vaccines really cause autism? Is there more to why these people won this court case if the answer is “no”?
It seems that everyone has Aspergers. Should it be split from Autism?
What's it like living with high functioning autism as an adult in their mid-forties?
What do autism rights groups say to the parents of severely autistic children who are non-communicative, violent, and frequently hurt themselves?
Is there any validity to Stanley Kubrick's posthumous diagnosis of autism?
Can Autism be diagnosed at the age of 16?
Is it possible to be late diagnosed with autism as an adult?
How do I explain to people that I have autistic traits when I'm not even sure I have autism?
Are LGBTQ+ people more likely to be on the autism spectrum?
What are some basic things I should know about teaching children with autism?
Can a person with autism become a surgeon, like Shaun in "Good Doctor"?
Why do people with autism die at a much younger age?
What are humans doing to Darwinism, with increasing autism and food allergies?
Why have autism rates skyrocketed?
How do you distinguish high-functioning autism from giftedness?
“Having autism/dyslexia/epilepsy” or “autistic/dyslexic/epileptic”? Is the –ic word politically incorrect?
What does autism mean?
Is Elon Musk on ASD (autism spectrum disorder)? If yes, then isn't it a positive thing?
In what ways are people on the autism spectrum superior to neurotypicals?
What advantages do people with autism have in terms of vision over neurotypicals?
What do autistic people do after their diagnosis since there is no cure for autism?
As an adult, how does one start getting evaluated for possible autism?
My 10 year old brother has autism and ADHD. He has anxiety and increasingly worse behavior. My parents are on the verge of giving up and losing hope. How can we try and help him?
Are people with autism spectrum disorders/Asperger's more likely to be self-motivated, or are they more likely to produce results when pushed?
Are you born with autism?
Why do so many people think that autism is bad?
The brain structure of Neanderthals and autistic people show similar changes in the cerebellum. Autism has associated genetic differences and we know humans once reproduced with Neanderthals. Do you think autism has links to Neanderthal DNA, and why?
What are gender differences in autism?
How accurate have you found the 'Too Much Information' video to be in portraying a person with autism?
If vaccines tend to increase the survival rate of children, and some children have autism, aren’t vaccines contributing to global autism?
Do people with autism have an understanding of their own condition? If so, why does it not lessen the severity of it?
Do you support autism awareness?
Did your parents keep your autism a secret from you?
What specific trait in the brains of people with Autism causes us to develop "obsessions" or special interests that are more intense than a non-autistic person's?
How do people with autism perceive the world differently from the non-autistic?
Is it oppressive to want a friend on the autism spectrum to empathise with you and validate or acknowledge your feelings more?
Can people with Autism Spectrum Disorders genuinely smile?
What is something that we must remember when talking about autism?
Do people with high-functioning autism pace or move around repetitively (e.g., walk to and from across a room, or around the same path in the garden)?
What conditions does Autism Spectrum Disorder frequently get confused with?
I have a milder form of autism (used to be called Asperger's). Why are a lot of people with autism so concerned about following rules?
Do people with autism like or dislike questions that the answer is on the spectrum, like on a scale from 1-10 how much do you like me?
How can an autistic person get into a successful relationship with someone without autism?
Is autism a difficulty to put words into sounds (writing not the issue) or a difficulty to convert thoughts into words & sentences at a lower level?
Is there any link (either cultural or religious) between autism/Asperger Syndrome and Judaism?
How are people on the Autism Spectrum treated in Japan?
Can a person with autism also be an empath?
Do you prefer being called a person with autism or an autistic person? Why?
What are the best ways a parent can support a child with autism?
Why do a lot of people with autism have difficulty saying ‘I love you?’
What role does "autism blindness," roughly blindness to autistic traits, play in the under-diagnosis of Asperger’s by health professionals who won't consider the possibility of autism?
Is autism curable?
Which studies were conducted to prove that vaccines don't cause autism?
If there is no causation between vaccines and autism, why did the vaccine court award millions in damages to the parents of the affected children?
How are you able to tell if someone has high-functioning autism?
Is Autism/ASD/Asperger's a social class? Why or why not?
Why do neurotypical people (people without autism) not just come out and say what they mean? Why is it always a verbal and emotional chess game?
Is it possible that being transgender is caused by autism spectrum disorders (ASD)?
Why does all the best information about autism, especially in adults, seem to always come from British sources?
What is the thinking process of someone with autism?
What is the difference between someone with autism doing a stim and a neuro-typical shaking in their leg or tapping their hand when they are uncomfortable?
What is the experience of empathy like for people with autism?
Can homeopathy cure autism spectrum disorder?
What is the best country for people with autism?
If you have autism and your mind is constantly thinking about everything, never shutting down, how can you relax to get to sleep?
How do I act like a 15-year-old boy with autism? I have the role of an autistic, 15- year-old boy named Christopher from the play “The Curious Incident of the Dog In Night-Time”.
If autism is a wide spectrum, where those who are high functioning can even be thought by many to be neurotypical, is it really worth the diagnosis? If so, why?
What are the biggest needs for those with Autism/Aspergers?
What are some helpful communication skills for people with autism?
Do many people on the autism spectrum need more sleep than most people to feel refreshed?
How do I cope with my son's autism?
What does it mean to not let autism define you?
What is the difference between autism and mentally retarded patients?
Why do neurotypical people think people on the Autism Spectrum are selfish?
Do people with high-functioning autism engage in any repetitive movements? If yes, then such as?
Why do people with autism have difficulty making predictions and inferences?
Is it normal for people with ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder) to have days-long headaches? Why?
Why do people with autism hit themselves?
What are some of the oldest cases of (likely) autism described in history?
How is autism developed?
Can people with autism still have successful careers?
Why is alexithymia often co-morbid with autism?
Can cats have autism?
If teenager is diagnosed with Asperger's (Autism Spectrum), should they be told about the diagnosis or can it be discussed when they actually grow up and can understand the implications?
Why is it that there is a lot of autism in Computer Science?
As somebody on the Autism Spectrum, do you ever resent the adults who raised you? Or have you ever felt like they view you in a negative light?
How do I tell if I actually have autism or not?
Are people with autism sensitive to loud noises e.g Hoover, shouting, banging?
What's the difference between Asperger's syndrome and other types of autism?
What is the difference between shutdowns and meltdowns in Autism?
A kid in my class has autism and makes a lot of mouth sounds. This triggers my misophonia. What can I do?
Do people with high-functioning autism spin themselves around and around?
Could too much folic acid cause certain types of autism?
Why do many people with autism have problems with anger?
Do people with autism have more peripheral vision or more tunnel vision (so less peripheral vision)?
If someone has an lack of empathy, what is the most likely explanation that they are a sociopath, that they have autism, or Asperger’s?
What do faces look like to people on the autism spectrum?
What does the research show regarding thinking styles of people with high-functioning autism/Asperger syndrome?
How can people on the autism spectrum be so smart, and yet so unable to do everyday chores?
As a person on the Autism Spectrum, where do you fall on the Kinsey Scale?
Do people with Asperger's/autism particularly like systematization and organization? Why?
Someone once referred to me as being 'inferior' on an evolutionary basis due to my HFA (High Functioning Autism) but is there any element of truth?
How do I treat autism?
How would someone with autism cope in a war?
Why is autism a mental illness?
What are the pros and cons of getting (correctly) diagnosed with autism/Asperger’s/ASD?
If smart genes have been linked to autism, why is there a significant divergence in intelligence in those with autism?
I am about to start research on autism, what are some of the things that I should know?
If someone has above the average intelligence, does it mean that he has some sort of autism or other mental illness?
Do children with autism really live in their own world?
Can people with autism suffer from personality disorders?
What does Kantian ethics mean, and how does it manifest for people with autism?
How many people have died as a result of Andrew Wakefield's fraudulent 1998 Lancet paper, which linked the MMR vaccine to autism and bowel disease?
What damage has occurred by generalizing Asperger syndrome and classic autism to the autism spectrum?
Are there medications to treat the autism spectrum disorder? If so, what kind of medication?
What would be the signs of Autism in a 35 year old female?
Where are you placed in the autism spectrum?
How do I reject a guy who has mild autism?
What is the difference between high and low functioning autism?
What is the difference between introvertism, shyness and autism?
Even given Wakefield's fraud, given immunological anomalies in autistic individuals, shouldn't autism affect how people respond to vaccinations?
Does autism exist without co-morbidity?
Do I have to study before I can start teaching people with autism?
If you have autism, can you own firearms or airsoft guns?
How well does the online, 200-question self-test for Aspergers, now known as high functioning autism, correlate with a professional diagnosis?
How are autism and PTSD related?
What is the connection between autism and epilepsy?
Is there a link between high-functioning autism and insomnia?
I’m 18 and have autism, and my family doesn't believe me that I'm an autistic person. It is super hard for me to live with people like this. I feel helpless and misunderstood. What should I do?
Why is it so hard for me to make eye contact with people and how can I fix this? (I don't have autism)?
For dementia and autism, could you use heavy metal detox/chelation with vitamins since mercury is used as a preservative in our shots?
What advice would you give to someone whose child is newly diagnosed with autism?
Does ADHD and autism die down as you age and gain life experience?
Neurodiversity: What are some stereotypes commonly held by neurotypicals about those on the autism spectrum?
Why do people hate autism?
What do people really think about autistic people and the mentally ill (I have autism, savantism, and bipolar disorder)?
For autistic people on Quora, do you believe you were born with autism, or was it early-childhood experiences and events that induced the behaviors and symptoms?
What are subtle signs of autism and Asperger syndrome?
People with Autism Spectrum disorder often have alexithymia—difficulty identifying their emotions. Research shows that identifying your emotions and describing them visually can reduce alexithymia.Can you draw a Weavesilk representing disappointment?
Do people on the autism spectrum "see" words in their head but have difficulty getting them out?
Is there any one else out there with Autism that feels one way but their voice and facial expressions give a totally opposite impression? People think I’m happy when I’m sad.
How do pro-vaccine people reconcile with the new book ‘Denial’ that points out the possible correlation between the rising tsunami of epidemic autism and the many more vaccines given to children since the 1960s?
What happens to children born with autism in developing countries where proper educational opportunities don't exist for them?
Why are so many people so ignorant to the topic of disorders like ADHD, Autism and OCD?
How can a kid with autism talk?
Why do some people with autism like to scream sometimes?
Is there a difference between the parietal lobes (related with the senses) from a person with autism, and somebody who apparently has no mental disorder?
Does mercury cause autism?
Does Ben Shapiro have autism?
If you have autism or Aspergers do people notice your facial expressions? Do you exaggerate? Is it hard for you to keep a straight face?
Do people with Asperger's or autism lie differently?
What is the prevalence rate of autism in Mensa members?
Do you think that a war has begun between low function autism and high function autism?
Why are some people born with Autism?
Is it a misconception that autism is a disability?
Autism: Why do people think autistic people with special skills have those skills because of their autism?
Are there any interesting parallels between autism and PTSD?
How do researchers know that the amount of kids with autism is increasing and not just the rate of kids being diagnosed is increasing?
In your opinion, what is the greatest similarity and difference between psychopathy and (high-functioning) autism?
Do people with ASD (Asperger syndrome and autism) like to have fun?
Do you have some advice for people with high-functioning autism to acquire autonomy and maturity with the diagnosis?
How does one deal with an autistic child who doesn't like to bathe? Is it the autism, or is it stubbornness?
What are the key attributes of high-functioning autism?
My professor told us that autism could be cured completely, is she right?
Autism: would you vote for a law change, declaring any promotion of "autism cure" as illegal hate speech?
Why is 'autistic' used as an insult? As an autistic person, I find it abhorrent that people use it as such. I am well mannered and intelligent, not the way autistic people are portrayed in our society, and I wouldn't give up my autism for anything.
Don't corporations that are trying to hire more people on the autism spectrum realize that most autistic people don't work well in a corporate workplace?
Will people in the future look at how society treats people with autism the same way people now look at treatment of racial minorities and homosexuals at the respective heights of their discrimination?
Did Jesus of Nazareth have autism?
Does an ADHD diagnosis camouflage autism?
What is the best autism app for nonverbal and verbal individuals?
Can ADHD, dyspraxia and severe social anxiety and avoidant personality disorder look like autism or Asperger's on the surface? I can read other people’s emotions fine, but I actively try to hide my personality from people for fear of rejection.
Can a person with high functioning autism be extroverted?
Can a person with autism be a model?
What is the research demonstrating with regards to the cannabis and high-functioning autism?
Do people with autism feel uncomfortable in social situations?
Is there a correlation between autism and engineering?
Does the GAPS diet cure autism?
What can I do to help my son who has autism?
What is a good thesis statement for an essay about autism?
What are the best toys for children with autism?
What are signs of autism in non diagnosed adults?
What should I do to get over the fact that I have autism and will never have a relationship?
How does Adderall/Ritalin affect the "inertia" seen in autism spectrum disorders?
What does research indicate about the cause of late onset autism?
Have you ever been discriminated against because of your autism?
In what ways do people with autism spectrum disorder misinterpret facial expressions of emotions?
My autistic daughter asks me questions I know she knows the answers to. If you have autism, and this is one of your traits, why do you do this and what answer/reaction do you need?
Have you, or anyone you know, had to handle a late autism diagnosis?
What’s something people might not know about autism?
What are some specific coping skills and resources for adults with Aspergers and autism who are extremely sensitive to noise?
Are people with Asperger's or autism less eager for money?
If someone has Asperger's or Autism, can they lack empathy, remorse, and be good at manipulation and have general dark triad characteristics?
How do therapy dogs for autism help? Don't most dog behaviours conflict with the sensory sensitivities of people on the spectrum?
How do anxiety and depression differ in those with autism and neurotypicals?
Should I tell my child he has Autism Spectrum disorder?
How do you teach piano to a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder?
As a person with autism, how can I connect myself better to the real world?
If autism is actually a spectrum, does this mean that everyone of us is a little bit autistic?
As an INTJ, has anyone thought you had a high-functioning type of autism?
How do teenagers with autism/aspergers deal with school?
Why is autism very common among secular Jews, less among orthodox Jews, and even lesser among Arabs?
What "obsessions" are popular with people with autism?
Is it hard for people with autism to form romantic relationships?
Why do physical co-morbid conditions often accompany autism/Aspergers, and how can that be lessened?
How do people who have autism find a partner and get married?
Why do anti-vaxxers despise autism?
Is it possible for autism to go undiagnosed until someone's late teens?
What is Theory-of-Mind in Autism?
What is the reason for the 30% rise in autism diagnoses among children in the US?
What is the simplest animal that could have something resembling an autism spectrum disorder?
Is there any research on improving emotional intelligence or about social and emotional learning in individuals with autism?
Is it really possible to diagnose Asperger's/Autism in adults and what are the advantages of knowing?
Why is autism often considered shameful?
If you have Asperger’s, do you agree that it’s a “mild” form of autism?
How do you handle a child with autism, but without accompanying intellectual impairment, when he has a meltdown?
In your opinion, what movie/TV show has has depicted Autism Spectrum Disorders most accurately? Why does it seem so hard to do so?
Are people with autism in constant emptiness (sadness)?
Is it common for brain injuries to be mistaken for an autism spectrum disorder? I have a brain injury but people seem to think I have autism at times.
Do older people with autism or Asperger's who grew up undiagnosed, have any resentments toward kids today who grow up with a diagnosis? Do you think parents or teachers don't push them hard enough, or let them use autism as an excuse to often?
Why do people automatically assume that if someone has autism/Aspergers Syndrome that they are "retarded"?
Is it possible for a person to be slightly autistic?
Does medical marijuana help autism?
Do a significant number of people misdiagnose themselves as having Autism Spectrum Disorder?
Do people with with autism tend to scream “ah!” in a high pitch voice when something startles them?
Why does autism exist?
Why do so many people continue to believe that autism is incurable?
What is an example of a social interaction that someone with autism would find difficult?
As a person with autism, what are some of your idiosyncratic behaviors and means of expression?
How come autism and ADHD are known as two of the debilitating mental illnesses; when in reality they are probably two of the least debilitating compared to other disorders, unless the autism is low-functioning?
Methylation alterations are seen in autism. What are the functions of methylation and why is it involved in autism?
Can autism and or Asperger's be regressive in adults?
Which books along with brief description do people recommend on the topic of Aspergers/High functioning autism?
Does anybody think "autism awareness" and "acceptance" further marginalizes those of us on the high end of the spectrum?
As a person with autism, what are some of your interests or obsessions?
Last September I got diagnosed with autism as an adult. Now I am watching Rain Man again, for the first time in twenty years. The trustee just said that Raymond is high functioning. Is that correct?
How old is autism?
What are some similarities between psychopathy and autism?
Autism: How does one quantify the severity of an autism spectrum disorder?
As mentioned in ImpossibleCure.com, does homeopathy really cure Autism?
Why do so many people with autism like trains?
What are the most common problems people with high-functioning autism face after growing up?
I may have contracted autism from a vaccine. Is there any way to find out whether I actually have autism?
Is it possible for me to have outgrown my autism?
What is the connection between epilepsy and autism? I know up to 30% of people with autism also have epilepsy. But I’ve read that people with epilepsy begin to show characteristics of autism. Have they studied why?
Can autism affect comprehension?
How can I get rid of or at least suppress autism? I need to cover it up before I go to law school this September.
What is the most effective thing I can do as an individual to silence the discredited debate on vaccines and autism?
What are the most common questions asked regarding autism?
Do you have autism? If so, how did you find out that you had it?
How do you recover from an autism shutdown?
Is a verdict/diagnosis of autism a good or bad thing?
What is the easiest work to find for someone with autism?
What does it feel like to be an extrovert with autism/Asperger's?
Is autism an adaptation or a disorder?
How can you tell the difference between someone who has an undiagnosed narcissistic personality disorder and someone who is undiagnosed on the autism spectrum?
Why is my psychiatrist saying autism is a handicap, and autistic people have zero insight into themselves? I'm pretty sure that's incorrect, especially for high-functioning people and (female) aspies. This concerns myself.
Is autism an intellectual disability or a developmental disability?
What, specifically, are some of the types of eating habits people on the Autism spectrum have?
Is arranging things (toys, books, etc.) in a very ordered fashion a sign of Autism in toddlers, given no problems with speech or eye contact?
How can you tell the difference between a gifted child with Autism Spectrum disorder and a gifted child without ASD?
Why does society fail to accommodate people on the autism spectrum?
Where are the best employment opportunities for people on the autism spectrum?
How do people with high-functioning autism find a way to get control and structure in their lives? Will they ever function in society as I do and everyone does without HFA?
Why can't my mildly autistic friend sleep normally and keep blaming the autism since he got it when he was a teenager? He also have problems accepting advice?
What is the difference between autism and dyslexia?
Is there any advantage to seeking a suspected diagnosis of Asperger's (or autism) in the middle age?
Are there any upsides to autism spectrum disorder?
Are ADHD and Autism related conditions. Can someone have both of these conditions at the same time?
People claim Autism genes in Homo-Sapiens DNA originated from Neanderthal DNA. Is there DNA evidence for this claim?
Do you think that those with autism are able to thrive better if more people show them kindness and make them feel accepted?
Would you consider the android, Data, to be on the autism spectrum? Why or why not?
What is advantage of being tested for autism?
Do people with autism have a larger sphere that constitutes their social space (are they more impacted by the physical proximity of other people)?
Question That Contains Assumptions: Has anyone ever fully recovered from autism?
Is mild Asperger's actually a mild version of mild autism?
Do experts on autism believe that everyone falls somewhere on the autism spectrum?
What functioning labels would you prefer to see for autism, rather than high- and low-functioning?
Why is everyday structure great for people with autism?
Why are IQ test scores unstable in autism spectrum disorder?
What do you attribute the dramatic rise in autism numbers to?
How does someone with Autism make friends in an unstructured setting?
Has anyone had any success with chelation and autism?
How long has autism been present?
Did the autism community have anything to say about the portrayal of autism in the 2016 movie The Accountant?
Do people with autism ever love crowded, noisy experiences like general admission concerts?
If a person on the autism spectrum could receive one compliment from you that shows how much you genuinely admire him or her, what would it be?
How can I learn how to drive when I have autism and learning difficulties? I also easily have sensory overloads and I stim with my hands a lot.
Is it possible that Autism is under diagnosed?
Do all people with Asperger’s or autism feel uncomfortable around other people?
Since people with autism process visual stimuli differently, does violence in movies or video games have greater impact on those with autism?
In what ways is perception enhanced for people with autism?
Why are there fake news articles on the internet about people who went from autistic to neurotypical when autism is a lifelong neurological condition?
What is the research demonstrating with regards to the cannabis and autism connection and the endocannabinoid system?
Does autism positively affect savant syndrome (the more autism you have, the more savant you are)?
Are people with autism more likely to be nonconformists to trends?
Being in the autism spectrum (ASD), is it normal for me to find it frustrating to get along with others in the ASD?
Autism and addiction, to what degree are they similar? Does one exacerbate the other?
Why wasn't autism known about 30 years ago?
Why do people with autism spectrum disorders have rates of sudden death at several times the rate of neurotypicals?
How can I beat autism?
What are the major differences between cerebral palsy and autism?
Is there an efficient way to put a stop to ignorant theories like 'flat earth' or 'vaccine induced autism' from circulating?
How do the parents of autistic children think the way they are raising them is affecting their autism?
As someone with autism, are you happier in a relationship with another autistic person, or with a neurotypical?
Could the broad autism phenotype be protective against chronic stress?
Why do some people with ASD get offended by the term high-functioning autism?
Is it possible that people with autism are being evolutionarily selected for due to some people having high semantic processing abilities?
How does infantile autism present differently from autism at a later age?
Can I get revenge on an aspie or a person with autism?
Do all prodigies have traits of Asperger Syndrome/some form of autism?
What do individuals on the autism spectrum wish a researcher understood while writing about ASD in an academic paper?
Do people with Asperger’s or autism often swear?
Why do "autism parents" feel the need to disclose their child's diagnosis to random strangers?
How is stimming/Asperger's Syndrome/Autism related to Shamanism?
How can I involve the audience in a presentation in autism?
What advantages do people with autism have in terms of touch perception over neurotypicals?
As someone with autism, have you ever felt dehumanised by someone/society?
How can a psychologist differentiate between someone who is autistic and someone who has personality traits resembling autism as a result of their childhood experiences?
My 5 year old brother has Autism Spectrum Disorder. He sings some songs but doesn't converse or even talk really. What should I expect in his life?
Can someone still have autism (Asperger's syndrome included) and not be socially awkward?
Can people with autism go to college?
Can homeschooling prove to be beneficial for a kid with autism?
Do people on the autism spectrum ever end up in prison? If so are they kept separate? I don't ever plan on breaking laws but as someone with Asperger's who was diagnosed late I struggle to manage some of my symptoms.
Is the desire for a cure for autism akin to the desire for a cure to homosexuality?
Do autistic kids grow up acting the same, or do they realize and start controlling their autism?
As a parent of a child with autism, how do you handle the hurt when you see kids exclude your child from playing with them?
I work with a 19 year old young man with autism, who hurts me by pinching, hitting and hair pulling. Should I quit, or is this just part of the job?
Is autism reversible through biomedical intervention?
Why does it seem autism in children is becoming more and more prevalent?
Are there any good books that describe the life of someone with autism from their point of view?
If people with autism are much less likely to reproduce and the prevalence of autism is so high, how come genetics is the cause?
Is reading your favorite book over 2 dozen times a sign of autism?
Is there a relation between schizophrenia and autism spectrum disorders?
Can a person have schizoid personality disorder and autism spectrum disorder at the same time?
Why do neurotypicals consistently think autism is some form of illness or disease?
As an autistic person, I support the development of a "cure" for autism. Is this wrong?
What kind of doctor would one see for Autism?
Is there a link between autism and excessive earwax?
Do you believe all forms of autism are serious conditions?
What is the success rate for autism with cannabis?
Why has autism gone from rarity to social problem?
Does autism and down syndrome exist in other animals?
How do older people handle autism?
How can you tell the difference between introversion and autism?
What service would you most like to see being autism friendly?
How do I stop being excluded and discriminated against because I have autism?
Do autism or ADHD affect music preference?
Was "Rain Man" the best or worse thing to happen to people with autism?
Do people with Asperger's have above-average IQs simply because the ones with below-average IQs get diagnosed with autism instead?
Can you be autistic and look in people’s eyes in the same way as others without autism?
Do children with autism get annoyed by their parents?
Do amish children have extremely low rates of autism?
Could being unsocial have to do with having autism?
In what ways do people with Autism Spectrum Disorders respond differently to recreational drugs?
Does my mild autism mean I’m broken?
Can someone that has ADD also have Autism? I have ADD and I am starting to think that I have Asperger's Syndrome as well. (High Functioning Autism)
Asking as a person who may be borderline ASD, how does autism spectrum make life difficult for you personally?
Is there a correlation between overexposure to TV and the development of autism in small children?
I have high functioning autism, clinical depression and anxiety. Knowing all this I simply don't believe that I will ever be in a relationship. Am I wrong for thinking this?
What do people who know a lot about autism think about the character Will Graham from Hannibal?